(upbeat music)
- [Instructor] So now it's time for my solution
to this challenge exercise.
I created a new function called, coin-flip
and within coin-flip, I wrote some very basic code.
So first of all, I brought in logging, random, and JSON,
you'll see that I changed my debug message
based on my personal preference.
I then, get the body element from the request,
I pull the count out of the body.
I set, heads equal to zero, and tails equal to zero.
Then, I go for an "I" in the range,
and I flip using random.int,
and I set flip equal to zero or one.
If flipping was zero,
I consider that a heads and I increment the heads.
If it's a one, I assume it's tails and I increment tails.
And because it can only be zero or one,
that "else" really treats it as, equals one
because it can only be one of those two.
I then create a results JSON element,
that includes the total count heads, tails.
And then I return that as an HTTP response.
I then, uploaded that out to Azure
and I can execute against that,
and we will set our count.
Let's do 75.
And execute it,
and get a response out.
And I got 38 heads and 37 tails.
We can execute it again.
And this time I got 33 heads and 42 tails.
So you can see, I have a little bit of randomness in there
because I use that random library.
And that's all it is to do this function
in Azure using Python.
Very simple example, of course,
but you can do this kind of thing on much grander scale.
And a lot of times functions are nothing more
than simple blocks of code that you want to execute.
So even the simple example has value
of running through the basics,
of using the framework to meet your needs.